[KED-2812] Add docs paragraph about CLI hooks (#1142)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/07_extend_kedro/02_hooks.md

The naming convention for registration hooks is `register_<library_component>`.

#### CLI hooks

> Lastly, Kedro defines a small set of CLI hooks, that inject additional behaviour around execution of a Kedro CLI command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, Kedro defines a small set of CLI hooks that inject additional behaviour around execution of a Kedro CLI command:
```

* `before_command_run`

> This is what the [`kedro-telemetry`](https://github.com/quantumblacklabs/kedro-telemetry) plugin relies on under the hood in order to be able to collect CLI usage statistics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is what the [`kedro-telemetry`](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-plugins/tree/main/kedro-telemetry) plugin relies on under the hood in order to be able to collect CLI usage statistics.
```
